Dear Campus Recruiter,

I am writing to apply for a summer internship as an Associate Product Manager at Google. I am a Malaysian student currently into my third year of a Bachelor of Computer Science Programme at the National University of Singapore. Even within the theoretical confines of my coursework I am very excited about where we are heading with technology and the Internet. In particular I have been using Google services since the days of the Search Engine Wars, and am greatly impressed with the sheer array of products the company is able to make available today, as well as with the many innovations (and intelligent sense!) that went into their making. I would like very much to be able to help shape, build and evolve some of those products, and play a part in making a difference in the way people use technology.

In my few years in university I have been able to develop several strengths that I believe will make me a valuable intern. I have very strong technical and analytical skills founded upon my computer science coursework, in which I have consistently performed well. I have led several of my curricular software projects, and have played significant roles in planning and developing strategies for all of them. In particular I have once turned a failing software engineering project back on track by reorganising the team's workflow - identifying and placing critical tasks into capable hands. I am fluent in English, and have plenty of experience with giving presentations, documenting my work, and handling correspondences.

Outside the curriculum, I have also played critical roles in developing real IT solutions through my involvement in a volunteer organisation - CVWO, which develops IT solutions for charity organisations. Serving as project lead in CVWO, I have been put in charge of leading user requirement study efforts. As part of our calling to 'do the right thing', I have thought very seriously about how we could design the system to fulfill very specific user needs in natural and efficient ways. My responsibilities also had a technical facet, of course. It was my job to experiment with the development framework, establishing coding conventions and devising solutions to technical difficulties encountered by the team.

I have enclosed my resume for your perusing. Feel free also to take a look at my online portfolio at http://yuenhoe.co.cc/portfolio/. I can be contacted at yuenhoe86@gmail.com or at +6590446371. Thank you very much for your consideration and I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Sincerely,

Lim Yuen Hoe