Dear sir/madam,

This letter is to express my earnest interest in obtaining a place as a summer intern at Mozilla this coming summer.

My involvement with Mozilla began early this year when I was introduced to the Mozilla Thunderbird developer community. I have since been able to get a taste of developing for open source - and I absolutely loved it. I'd really like to deepen my involvement and hopefully position myself to continue contributing in the long term.

I am a Malaysian and a student pursuing a computer science degree at the National University of Singapore, presently into my third year of study. Upon entry into university, I quickly distinguished myself as an ourstanding programmer, topping the class in my first programming module. I have gone on to involve myself in a variety of endeavors in which I have repeatedly demonstrated solid technical aptitude, and which in turn further honed my technical and analytical abilities. Even as a student, I have been able to play critical roles in the design and development of large scale IT solutions, as well as take on management and leadership roles in various software projects.

My desire for an internship at Mozilla goes beyond just a wish to contribute code to an open source project. It also embodies my desire to go above and beyond my regular coursework in search for new challenges that are more difficult, more exciting, and more impactful! It is my wish to be able to contribute a part to innovation and change, and ultimately and most importantly, to make a difference in people's lives.

Hence I would be immensely grateful if you could give my application due consideration. I will most definitely give my all to meeting and exceeding expectations should the internship opportunity be granted me. With a strong technical aptitude and a passion for giving, contributing, and making things happen, I am humbly confident that I will be a valuable addition to Mozilla.

Thank you very much for your consideration!

Sincerely,

Lim Yuen Hoe